Add abi3-py* features (#1263)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/building_and_distribution.md

3. Ensure that the `.whl` is correctly marked as `abi3`. For projects using `setuptools`, this is accomplished by passing `--py-limited-api=cp3x` (where `x` is the minimum Python version supported by the wheel, e.g. `--py-limited-api=cp35` for Python 3.5) to `setup.py bdist_wheel`.

### Minimum Python version for `abi3`

We provide `abi3-py36`/`abi3-py37`/... features to set the minimum required Python version for abi3 wheel.
E.g., if you set `abi3-py36` feature, you can build `cp36-abi3-manylinux2020_x86_64.whl` using Python 3.8.

To ensure ABI compatibility, we don't allow setting a minimum version higher than the system Python version.

> E.g., if you set `abi3-py38` and try to compile the crate with Python 3.8, it just fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g., if you set `abi3-py39` and try to compile the crate with Python 3.8, it just fails.
```

I think?

Author: Oops, nice catch, thanks.

3. Ensure that the `.whl` is correctly marked as `abi3`. For projects using `setuptools`, this is accomplished by passing `--py-limited-api=cp3x` (where `x` is the minimum Python version supported by the wheel, e.g. `--py-limited-api=cp35` for Python 3.5) to `setup.py bdist_wheel`.

### Minimum Python version for `abi3`

> We provide `abi3-py36`/`abi3-py37`/... features to set the minimum required Python version for abi3 wheel.

Reviewer 2: Let's maybe add just a little bit more introduction here?

```suggestion
Because a single `abi3` wheel can be used with many different Python versions, PyO3 has feature flags `abi3-py36`, `abi3-py37`, `abi-py38` etc. to set the minimum required Python version for your `abi3` wheel.
```

Author: :+1:

> E.g., if you set `abi3-py36` feature, you can build `cp36-abi3-manylinux2020_x86_64.whl` using Python 3.8.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you set the `abi3-py36` feature, your extension wheel can be used on all Python 3 versions from Python 3.6 and up. `maturin` and `setuptools-rust` will give the wheel a name like `my-extension-1.0-cp36-abi3-manylinux2020_x86_64.whl`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's maybe add a new paragraph here explaining what happens if you set multiple:

```suggestion
If you set more that one of these api version feature flags the highest version always wins. For example, with both `abi3-py36` and `abi3-py38` set, PyO3 would build a wheel which supports Python 3.8 and up.
```

> To ensure ABI compatibility, we don't allow setting a minimum version higher than the system Python version.
> E.g., if you set `abi3-py38` and try to compile the crate with Python 3.6, it just fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyO3 is only able to link your extension module to api3 version up to and including your host Python version. E.g., if you set `abi3-py38` and try to compile the crate with a host of Python 3.6, the build will fail.
```

As an advanced feature, you can build PyO3 wheel without calling Python interpreter with

> the environment variable `PYO3_NO_INTERPRETER` set, but this only works on *NIX.

Reviewer 2: Maybe to match `PYO3_PYTHON`, it's better to call this new environment variable `PYO3_NO_HOST_PYTHON` ?

Author: Sound nice :+1:

Author: I decided to use a shorter `PYO3_NO_PYTHON`.
